hello everyone this is well from kenhub
and welcome to another tutorial this
time I'm going to be talking about the
medial views of your right and left
lungs now keep in mind that I did on a
previous tutorial that you can find here
at kenhub a tutorial where I just
dedicated to the lateral views of the
lungs so if we're looking now at the
anterior view of the thorax
now exposing here the lungs your heart
what I did was I did a tutorial where I
covered all the structures that you can
see on the lateral views of your lungs
but on this tutorial I'm going to do or
cover the lungs from medial view so
we're going to look at all the
structures that can be seen on the
medial views of the lungs now if you ask
me why I decided to do this well when
you are in an anatomy lab or when you're
in exam usually your professor Ward will
show the lungs in different positions in
different views in your hey guys as you
can see this video is a preview which is
reserved to kenhub premium members why
not become one today
as a premium member you will get access
to this video as well as other videos
quizzes articles and our atlas of human
anatomy everything you need to learn
anatomy in the most fun and efficient
way
join us and let's continue learning
together